docs: ACL policy spec reference (#13787)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/other-specifications/acl-policy.mdx

| `read`  | list-jobs<br />parse-job<br />read-job<br />csi-list-volume<br />csi-read-volume<br />list-scaling-policies<br />read-scaling-policy<br />read-job-scaling                                                                                                      |
| `write` | list-jobs<br />parse-job<br />read-job<br />submit-job<br />dispatch-job<br />read-logs<br />read-fs<br />alloc-exec<br />alloc-lifecycle<br />csi-write-volume<br />csi-mount-volume<br />list-scaling-policies<br />read-scaling-policy<br />read-job-scaling<br />scale-job |
| `scale` | list-scaling-policies<br />read-scaling-policy<br />read-job-scaling<br />scale-job                                                                                                                                                                             |

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->

If you provide both a `policy` and `capabilities` list, the capabilities are

> merged. For example, the policy below adds the submit-job capability to the read
> policy disposition, which provides the list-job and read-job capabilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
merged. For example, the policy below adds the `submit-job` capability to the `read`
policy disposition, which provides the `list-job` and `read-job` capabilities:
```

```hcl
# Allow reading jobs and submitting jobs, without allowing access
# to view log output or inspect the filesystem
namespace "default" {
  policy       = "read"
  capabilities = ["submit-job"]
}
```

> This same policy could also be expressed as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A similar policy could also be expressed as:
```

Nit-picking: the `read` disposition got some new values from when this was written. Keeping this updated so the policies are exactly the same would be annoying 😅

## Plugin rules

The `plugin` rule controls access to [CSI plugins][api_plugins], such as listing
plugins or getting plugin status. The plugin rule is optional, but you can
specify only one plugin rule per ACL policy.

```hcl
plugin {
  policy = "read"
}
```

The `policy` field for the plugin rule can have one of the following values:
- `read`: allow the resource to be read but not modified
- `list`: allow the resource to be listed, but not inspected in detail
- `write`: allow the resource to be read and modified
- `deny`: do not allow the resource to be read or modified. Deny takes
  precedence when multiple policies are associated with a token.

[Secure Nomad with Access Control]: https://learn.hashicorp.com/collections/nomad/access-control
[hcl]: https://github.com/hashicorp/hcl
[hcl_syntax_spec]: https://github.com/hashicorp/hcl/blob/main/hclsyntax/spec.md
[api_jobs]: /api-docs/jobs
[api_allocations]: /api-docs/allocations
[api_deployments]: /api-docs/deployments
[api_evaluations]: /api-docs/evaluations
[api_recommendations]: /api-docs/recommendations
[api_scaling_policies]: /api-docs/scaling-policies

> [api_services]: /api-docs/servies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[api_services]: /api-docs/services
```
